instruction.md, before:

# This file is use for brainstorm idea
AS you can know when we are using the visual studio code or github, we often search code to see which file and which line have the same code. But it just use on the single repository and only in vscode, that is not inconvinience, and also it not support export the search result, and not support open multi file. So I have an idea that I want a terminal tool using nodejs and can interact with search file on the folder or workspace we choose, after search, it also support export search result as txt file or markdown file. Also, if great, it can have option to open file have keyword search in default code editor


# Enhancement 1
In the search file, Let user choose one of 2 option:
Option 1: Enter the folder path
Option 2: Show folder popup selection to easily choose folder (I don't want to manual copy and past folder path)

# Enhancement 2
For search pattern, let don't search on some file or folder which is ignore by .gitignore
Skip search on NodeModules

# Enhancement 3
Instead of show everything in terminal, let default export to Markdown file
and show the path of this file, also for the file name, let include the search keywords and the root folder search location

# Enhancement 4
Let store search result file in ~/Desktop/Search_Code_Pro_Result

# Enhancement 5
Skip search in openapi-spec.json

# Enhancement 6 
Let use finder to open folder which contains result search file

Commit message:

support search with multi keywords

instruction.md, after:

# This file is use for brainstorm idea
AS you can know when we are using the visual studio code or github, we often search code to see which file and which line have the same code. But it just use on the single repository and only in vscode, that is not inconvinience, and also it not support export the search result, and not support open multi file. So I have an idea that I want a terminal tool using nodejs and can interact with search file on the folder or workspace we choose, after search, it also support export search result as txt file or markdown file. Also, if great, it can have option to open file have keyword search in default code editor


# Enhancement 1
In the search file, Let user choose one of 2 option:
Option 1: Enter the folder path
Option 2: Show folder popup selection to easily choose folder (I don't want to manual copy and past folder path)

# Enhancement 2
For search pattern, let don't search on some file or folder which is ignore by .gitignore
Skip search on NodeModules

# Enhancement 3
Instead of show everything in terminal, let default export to Markdown file
and show the path of this file, also for the file name, let include the search keywords and the root folder search location

# Enhancement 4
Let store search result file in ~/Desktop/Search_Code_Pro_Result

# Enhancement 5
Skip search in openapi-spec.json

# Enhancement 6
Let use finder to open folder which contains result search file

# Enhancement 7 ✅ COMPLETED
I want to search with multiple keywords, a behavior is that the prompt input will let user to type many of keywords after press enter. And when user press i button, it will complete collect multiple keywords and start to search. Goal is that will search file that contain many keywords

**Implementation Details:**
- Added "Multiple keywords search" mode in interactive mode
- Users can enter keywords one by one
- Type "done" to finish collecting keywords and start search
- The search finds files that contain ALL specified keywords
- Result files show which keywords matched on each line
- Filename includes all keywords in the format: `search-keyword1-and-keyword2-in-folder-timestamp.md`
- Works with both markdown and text export formats
